I wouldn't believe this story if someone
else were telling it but it's true every
word of it
it started when I went to college it was
the first day of school all these people
are coming up to me saying Eddie how are
you Eddie hi I'm like right now hey I
don't know what you're talking about
soon as this guy turned around I knew it
was Eddie's double I said you're not
gonna believe this you have a twin
brother oh my god those tats are not
coming toward it opens and there are his
eyes my eyes my eyes are his eyes and
it's true and then the story went from
being amazing to incredible it was an
article to twin is reunited I think I
might be the third
[Applause]
when people ask me what is the most
remarkable story you ever encountered I
tell them it's the story of the triplets
you guys have been on the front page of
every newspaper in the world true they
were more like clothes than they were
like brothers it was a miracle there was
nothing that could keep us apart that's
when things kind of got funky something
was just not right
they separated these boys at birth the
parents had never been told that there
were two other children what was the
purpose why how could you not tell us
[Music]
they're trying to conceal what they did
from the people they did it to when you
play with humans you do something very
wrong could be evil you have to come up
with something like this there's a lot
of powerful people that would like to
have the story silenced there's still so
much that we don't know it boggles the
mind
it's a mystery
I'd like to know the truth
[Music]